perquackey(1) -- print a list of anagrams
=========================================

## SYNOPSIS

`perquackey`  
`perquackey` --server[=_port_]

## DESCRIPTION

`perquackey` prints a list of anagrams for a given letter set, arranged in
columns by length. It's designed as a companion to the Perquackey word game,
vindicating you on the tough rolls and taunting you when you're blind to the
_I_ _N_ _G_ right in front of your nose. Use with caution.

## OPTIONS

By default, `perquackey` runs an interactive console for you to type in your
letters. You can change that with the following options:

  * `-c`, `--console`:
    Run an interactive console. Being the default mode, this option exists
    purely for the sake of symmetry.

  * `-s`, `--server`[=_port_]:
    Run an http server. You can then type your letters in and see results at
    <http://localhost:port/>, where <port> defaults to _3000_.

`perquackey` also responds to the following standard options:

  * `-h`, `--help`:
    Print a help message and exit.

  * `-v`, `--version`[=all]:
    Print `perquackey`'s version number and exit. If `=all` is given, also
    print version numbers of `perquackey`'s dependencies. (This is standard
    `optparse` behavior that deserves more attention!)

## EXAMPLE

Run an interactive console session, look up anagrams for "amwortixet," and exit:

    $ perquackey
    Type ctrl-d or quit to exit.
    > amwortixet
    aim aero aimer attire omitter amoretti
    air airt amort extort toxemia
    ait amie armet imaret tritoma
    ami amir axiom matier wartime
    are atom axite matrix
    arm emir extra matter
    art emit irate ratite
    ate exam ixora remixt
    att exit mater rotate

    (...and so on...)

    > quit
    Goodbye.

## BUGS

Anagrams are generated from an internal copy of TWL06, the standard accepted
word list at North American Scrabble tournaments. You're going to see some
weird ones. ("Ixora"?!)

## AUTHOR

Matthew Todd, _@matthewtodd_ on GitHub and Twitter. Do drop me a line if you
use `perquackey` -- I'd love to hear from you!

## SEE ALSO

<http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Perquackey>,
<http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tournament_Word_List>,
<http://perquackey.matthewtodd.org/>
